Add default docs folder structure (#1)
iota-wiki/docs-template: documentation/docs/tutorials/README.mdx

---
description: Tutorials are lessons which should guide the reader to complete a concrete project.
image: /img/logo/iota_logo.svg
keywords:
  - tutorials
---

# Tutorials

> A [tutorials](https://diataxis.fr/tutorials/) is the most complex type of documentation you will have. These usually
> require work to be maintained, touch a variety of subjects and should guide the user in much more details than a
> [how-tos](../examples/README.mdx) or [explanations](../key_concepts/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [tutorial](https://diataxis.fr/tutorials/) is the most complex type of documentation you will have. They usually
require regular effort to maintain them, touch a variety of subjects and should guide the user in much more detail than
[how-tos](../examples/README.mdx) or [explanations](../key_concepts/README.md).
```
